What is the date of birth of Albert Einstein? The date of birth of Albert Einstein is
What is the date of birth of Marie Curie? The date of birth of Marie Curie is
What is the date of birth of Leonardo da Vinci? The date of birth of Leonardo da Vinci is
What is the date of birth of Cleopatra? The date of birth of Cleopatra is
What is the date of birth of Neil Armstrong? The date of birth of Neil Armstrong is
What is the date of birth of Malala Yousafzai? The date of birth of Malala Yousafzai is
What is the date of birth of Confucius? The date of birth of Confucius is
What is the date of birth of Mansa Musa? The date of birth of Mansa Musa is
What is the date of birth of Florence Nightingale? The date of birth of Florence Nightingale is
What is the date of birth of Srinivasa Ramanujan? The date of birth of Srinivasa Ramanujan is
In what city was Albert Einstein born? Albert Einstein was born in
In what city was Marie Curie born? Marie Curie was born in
In what city was Leonardo da Vinci born? Leonardo da Vinci was born in
In what city was Cleopatra born? Cleopatra was born in
In what city was Neil Armstrong born? Neil Armstrong was born in
In what city was Malala Yousafzai born? Malala Yousafzai was born in
In what city was Confucius born? Confucius was born in
In what city was Mansa Musa born? Mansa Musa was born in
In what city was Florence Nightingale born? Florence Nightingale was born in
In what city was Srinivasa Ramanujan born? Srinivasa Ramanujan was born in
What is the date of death of Albert Einstein? The date of death of Albert Einstein is
What is the date of death of Marie Curie? The date of death of Marie Curie is
What is the date of death of Leonardo da Vinci? The date of death of Leonardo da Vinci is
What is the date of death of Cleopatra? The date of death of Cleopatra is
What is the date of death of Neil Armstrong? The date of death of Neil Armstrong is
What is the date of death of Malala Yousafzai? The date of death of Malala Yousafzai is
What is the date of death of Confucius? The date of death of Confucius is
What is the date of death of Mansa Musa? The date of death of Mansa Musa is
What is the date of death of Florence Nightingale? The date of death of Florence Nightingale is
What is the date of death of Srinivasa Ramanujan? The date of death of Srinivasa Ramanujan is
What is the primary profession of Albert Einstein? The primary profession of Albert Einstein is
What is the primary profession of Marie Curie? The primary profession of Marie Curie is
What is the primary profession of Leonardo da Vinci? The primary profession of Leonardo da Vinci is
What is the primary profession of Cleopatra? The primary profession of Cleopatra is
What is the primary profession of Neil Armstrong? The primary profession of Neil Armstrong is
What is the primary profession of Malala Yousafzai? The primary profession of Malala Yousafzai is
What is the primary profession of Confucius? The primary profession of Confucius is
What is the primary profession of Mansa Musa? The primary profession of Mansa Musa is
What is the primary profession of Florence Nightingale? The primary profession of Florence Nightingale is
What is the primary profession of Srinivasa Ramanujan? The primary profession of Srinivasa Ramanujan is
What is Albert Einstein primarily known for? Albert Einstein is primarily known for
What is Marie Curie primarily known for? Marie Curie is primarily known for
What is Leonardo da Vinci primarily known for? Leonardo da Vinci is primarily known for
What is Cleopatra primarily known for? Cleopatra is primarily known for
What is Neil Armstrong primarily known for? Neil Armstrong is primarily known for
What is Malala Yousafzai primarily known for? Malala Yousafzai is primarily known for
What is Confucius primarily known for? Confucius is primarily known for
What is Mansa Musa primarily known for? Mansa Musa is primarily known for
What is Florence Nightingale primarily known for? Florence Nightingale is primarily known for
What is Srinivasa Ramanujan primarily known for? Srinivasa Ramanujan is primarily known for
What's the main nationality of Albert Einstein? Albert Einstein is
What's the main nationality of Marie Curie? Marie Curie is
What's the main nationality of Leonardo da Vinci? Leonardo da Vinci is
What's the main nationality of Cleopatra? Cleopatra is
What's the main nationality of Neil Armstrong? Neil Armstrong is
What's the main nationality of Malala Yousafzai? Malala Yousafzai is
What's the main nationality of Confucius? Confucius is
What's the main nationality of Mansa Musa? Mansa Musa is
What's the main nationality of Florence Nightingale? Florence Nightingale is
What's the main nationality of Srinivasa Ramanujan? Srinivasa Ramanujan is
What educational institution did Albert Einstein attend? Albert Einstein attended
What educational institution did Marie Curie attend? Marie Curie attended
What educational institution did Leonardo da Vinci attend? Leonardo da Vinci attended
What educational institution did Cleopatra attend? Cleopatra attended
What educational institution did Neil Armstrong attend? Neil Armstrong attended
What educational institution did Malala Yousafzai attend? Malala Yousafzai attended
What educational institution did Confucius attend? Confucius attended
What educational institution did Mansa Musa attend? Mansa Musa attended
What educational institution did Florence Nightingale attend? Florence Nightingale attended
What educational institution did Srinivasa Ramanujan attend? Srinivasa Ramanujan attended
What country is Tokyo in? Tokyo is in
What country is Cairo in? Cairo is in
What country is New York in? New York is in
What country is Paris in? Paris is in
What country is Mumbai in? Mumbai is in
What country is Jerusalem in? Jerusalem is in
What country is Tenochtitlan in? Tenochtitlan is in
What country is Istanbul in? Istanbul is in
What country is Shanghai in? Shanghai is in
What country is Baghdad in? Baghdad is in
What's the highest administrative subdivision Tokyo is part of? Tokyo is part of
What's the highest administrative subdivision Cairo is part of? Cairo is part of
What's the highest administrative subdivision New York is part of? New York is part of
What's the highest administrative subdivision Paris is part of? Paris is part of
What's the highest administrative subdivision Mumbai is part of? Mumbai is part of
What's the highest administrative subdivision Jerusalem is part of? Jerusalem is part of
What's the highest administrative subdivision Tenochtitlan is part of? Tenochtitlan is part of
What's the highest administrative subdivision Istanbul is part of? Istanbul is part of
What's the highest administrative subdivision Shanghai is part of? Shanghai is part of
What's the highest administrative subdivision Baghdad is part of? Baghdad is part of
In what year was Tokyo founded? Tokyo was founded in
In what year was Cairo founded? Cairo was founded in
In what year was New York founded? New York was founded in
In what year was Paris founded? Paris was founded in
In what year was Mumbai founded? Mumbai was founded in
In what year was Jerusalem founded? Jerusalem was founded in
In what year was Tenochtitlan founded? Tenochtitlan was founded in
In what year was Istanbul founded? Istanbul was founded in
In what year was Shanghai founded? Shanghai was founded in
In what year was Baghdad founded? Baghdad was founded in
What major river is nearest to Tokyo? The nearest major river to Tokyo is
What major river is nearest to Cairo? The nearest major river to Cairo is
What major river is nearest to New York? The nearest major river to New York is
What major river is nearest to Paris? The nearest major river to Paris is
What major river is nearest to Mumbai? The nearest major river to Mumbai is
What major river is nearest to Jerusalem? The nearest major river to Jerusalem is
What major river is nearest to Tenochtitlan? The nearest major river to Tenochtitlan is
What major river is nearest to Istanbul? The nearest major river to Istanbul is
What major river is nearest to Shanghai? The nearest major river to Shanghai is
What major river is nearest to Baghdad? The nearest major river to Baghdad is
What is the time zone of Tokyo? The time zone of Tokyo is
What is the time zone of Cairo? The time zone of Cairo is
What is the time zone of New York? The time zone of New York is
What is the time zone of Paris? The time zone of Paris is
What is the time zone of Mumbai? The time zone of Mumbai is
What is the time zone of Jerusalem? The time zone of Jerusalem is
What is the time zone of Tenochtitlan? The time zone of Tenochtitlan is
What is the time zone of Istanbul? The time zone of Istanbul is
What is the time zone of Shanghai? The time zone of Shanghai is
What is the time zone of Baghdad? The time zone of Baghdad is
Who is credited with the discovery of Gravity? Gravity was discovered by
Who is credited with the discovery of Relativity? Relativity was discovered by
Who is credited with the discovery of Evolution? Evolution was discovered by
Who is credited with the discovery of Quantum Mechanics? Quantum Mechanics was discovered by
Who is credited with the discovery of Thermodynamics? Thermodynamics was discovered by
Who is credited with the discovery of Photosynthesis? Photosynthesis was discovered by
Who is credited with the discovery of Heliocentrism? Heliocentrism was discovered by
Who is credited with the discovery of Plate Tectonics? Plate Tectonics was discovered by
Who is credited with the discovery of Superconductivity? Superconductivity was discovered by
Who is credited with the discovery of Electromagnetism? Electromagnetism was discovered by
Which scientific discipline encompasses Gravity? Gravity is encompassed by
Which scientific discipline encompasses Relativity? Relativity is encompassed by
Which scientific discipline encompasses Evolution? Evolution is encompassed by
Which scientific discipline encompasses Quantum Mechanics? Quantum Mechanics is encompassed by
Which scientific discipline encompasses Thermodynamics? Thermodynamics is encompassed by
Which scientific discipline encompasses Photosynthesis? Photosynthesis is encompassed by
Which scientific discipline encompasses Heliocentrism? Heliocentrism is encompassed by
Which scientific discipline encompasses Plate Tectonics? Plate Tectonics is encompassed by
Which scientific discipline encompasses Superconductivity? Superconductivity is encompassed by
Which scientific discipline encompasses Electromagnetism? Electromagnetism is encompassed by
What is the primary application of Gravity? The primary application of Gravity is
What is the primary application of Relativity? The primary application of Relativity is
What is the primary application of Evolution? The primary application of Evolution is
What is the primary application of Quantum Mechanics? The primary application of Quantum Mechanics is
What is the primary application of Thermodynamics? The primary application of Thermodynamics is
What is the primary application of Photosynthesis? The primary application of Photosynthesis is
What is the primary application of Heliocentrism? The primary application of Heliocentrism is
What is the primary application of Plate Tectonics? The primary application of Plate Tectonics is
What is the primary application of Superconductivity? The primary application of Superconductivity is
What is the primary application of Electromagnetism? The primary application of Electromagnetism is
What's the chemical formula for Oxygen? The chemical formula for Oxygen is
What's the chemical formula for Gold? The chemical formula for Gold is
What's the chemical formula for Uranium? The chemical formula for Uranium is
What's the chemical formula for Carbon? The chemical formula for Carbon is
What's the chemical formula for Helium? The chemical formula for Helium is
What's the chemical formula for Iron? The chemical formula for Iron is
What's the chemical formula for Silicon? The chemical formula for Silicon is
What's the chemical formula for Plutonium? The chemical formula for Plutonium is
What's the chemical formula for Hydrogen? The chemical formula for Hydrogen is
What's the chemical formula for Nitrogen? The chemical formula for Nitrogen is
When was Oxygen first isolated? Oxygen was first isolated in
When was Gold first isolated? Gold was first isolated in
When was Uranium first isolated? Uranium was first isolated in
When was Carbon first isolated? Carbon was first isolated in
When was Helium first isolated? Helium was first isolated in
When was Iron first isolated? Iron was first isolated in
When was Silicon first isolated? Silicon was first isolated in
When was Plutonium first isolated? Plutonium was first isolated in
When was Hydrogen first isolated? Hydrogen was first isolated in
When was Nitrogen first isolated? Nitrogen was first isolated in
What genre does 1984 belong to?
What genre does The Great Gatsby belong to?
What genre does War and Peace belong to?
What genre does The Art of War belong to?
What genre does Don Quixote belong to?
What genre does To Kill a Mockingbird belong to?
What genre does One Hundred Years of Solitude belong to?
What genre does The Catcher in the Rye belong to?
What genre does Pride and Prejudice belong to?
What genre does The Alchemist belong to?
Who's the author of 1984? 1984 was written by
Who's the author of The Great Gatsby? The Great Gatsby was written by
Who's the author of War and Peace? War and Peace was written by
Who's the author of The Art of War? The Art of War was written by
Who's the author of Don Quixote? Don Quixote was written by
Who's the author of To Kill a Mockingbird? To Kill a Mockingbird was written by
Who's the author of One Hundred Years of Solitude? One Hundred Years of Solitude was written by
Who's the author of The Catcher in the Rye? The Catcher in the Rye was written by
Who's the author of Pride and Prejudice? Pride and Prejudice was written by
Who's the author of The Alchemist? The Alchemist was written by
In what year was 1984 first published? 1984 was first published in
In what year was The Great Gatsby first published? The Great Gatsby was first published in
In what year was War and Peace first published? War and Peace was first published in
In what year was The Art of War first published? The Art of War was first published in
In what year was Don Quixote first published? Don Quixote was first published in
In what year was To Kill a Mockingbird first published? To Kill a Mockingbird was first published in
In what year was One Hundred Years of Solitude first published? One Hundred Years of Solitude was first published in
In what year was The Catcher in the Rye first published? The Catcher in the Rye was first published in
In what year was Pride and Prejudice first published? Pride and Prejudice was first published in
In what year was The Alchemist first published? The Alchemist was first published in
Who painted Starry Night? Starry Night was painted by
Who painted Mona Lisa? Mona Lisa was painted by
Who painted The Last Supper? The Last Supper was painted by
Who painted Guernica? Guernica was painted by
Who painted The Birth of Venus? The Birth of Venus was painted by
Who painted The Scream? The Scream was painted by
Who painted Girl with a Pearl Earring? Girl with a Pearl Earring was painted by
Who painted School of Athens? School of Athens was painted by
Who painted The Night Watch? The Night Watch was painted by
Who painted American Gothic? American Gothic was painted by
When was Starry Night completed? Starry Night was completed in
When was Mona Lisa completed? Mona Lisa was completed in
When was The Last Supper completed? The Last Supper was completed in
When was Guernica completed? Guernica was completed in
When was The Birth of Venus completed? The Birth of Venus was completed in
When was The Scream completed? The Scream was completed in
When was Girl with a Pearl Earring completed? Girl with a Pearl Earring was completed in
When was School of Athens completed? School of Athens was completed in
When was The Night Watch completed? The Night Watch was completed in
When was American Gothic completed? American Gothic was completed in
What artistic movement does Starry Night belong to? Starry Night belongs to
What artistic movement does Mona Lisa belong to? Mona Lisa belongs to
What artistic movement does The Last Supper belong to? The Last Supper belongs to
What artistic movement does Guernica belong to? Guernica belongs to
What artistic movement does The Birth of Venus belong to? The Birth of Venus belongs to
What artistic movement does The Scream belong to? The Scream belongs to
What artistic movement does Girl with a Pearl Earring belong to? Girl with a Pearl Earring belongs to
What artistic movement does School of Athens belong to? School of Athens belongs to
What artistic movement does The Night Watch belong to? The Night Watch belongs to
What artistic movement does American Gothic belong to? American Gothic belongs to
What materials were used to create Starry Night? Starry Night was created with
What materials were used to create Mona Lisa? Mona Lisa was created with
What materials were used to create The Last Supper? The Last Supper was created with
What materials were used to create Guernica? Guernica was created with
What materials were used to create The Birth of Venus? The Birth of Venus was created with
What materials were used to create The Scream? The Scream was created with
What materials were used to create Girl with a Pearl Earring? Girl with a Pearl Earring was created with
What materials were used to create School of Athens? School of Athens was created with
What materials were used to create The Night Watch? The Night Watch was created with
What materials were used to create American Gothic? American Gothic was created with
Where is Starry Night primarily housed? Starry Night is currently in
Where is Mona Lisa primarily housed? Mona Lisa is currently in
Where is The Last Supper primarily housed? The Last Supper is currently in
Where is Guernica primarily housed? Guernica is currently in
Where is The Birth of Venus primarily housed? The Birth of Venus is currently in
Where is The Scream primarily housed? The Scream is currently in
Where is Girl with a Pearl Earring primarily housed? Girl with a Pearl Earring is currently in
Where is School of Athens primarily housed? School of Athens is currently in
Where is The Night Watch primarily housed? The Night Watch is currently in
Where is American Gothic primarily housed? American Gothic is currently in
What year did Signing of the Magna Carta happen? Signing of the Magna Carta happened in the year
What year did Battle of Hastings happen? Battle of Hastings happened in the year
What year did Battle of Agincourt happen? Battle of Agincourt happened in the year
What year did The Great Fire of London happen? The Great Fire of London happened in the year
What year did The Glorious Revolution happen? The Glorious Revolution happened in the year
What year did Act of Union between England and Scotland happen? Act of Union between England and Scotland happened in the year
What year did Battle of Waterloo happen? Battle of Waterloo happened in the year
What year did The UK Abolition of the Slave Trade Act happen? The UK Abolition of the Slave Trade Act happened in the year
What year did Queen Victoria's Coronation happen? Queen Victoria's Coronation happened in the year
What year did The Founding of the British Broadcasting Corporation happen? The Founding of the British Broadcasting Corporation happened in the year
What year did The Dunkirk Evacuation happen? The Dunkirk Evacuation happened in the year
What year did The Indian Independence Act happen? The Indian Independence Act happened in the year
What year did The Suez Crisis happen? The Suez Crisis happened in the year
What year did Decimalisation in the UK happen? Decimalisation in the UK happened in the year
What year did The Signing of the Good Friday Agreement happen? The Signing of the Good Friday Agreement happened in the year
What year did The London 7/7 Bombings happen? The London 7/7 Bombings happened in the year
What year did The Brexit Referendum happen? The Brexit Referendum happened in the year
What year did The Wedding of Prince Charles and Lady Diana happen? The Wedding of Prince Charles and Lady Diana happened in the year
What year did Queen Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee happen? Queen Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee happened in the year
