What is the date of birth of Harriet Tubman? Answer: The date of birth of Harriet Tubman was on
In what city was Harriet Tubman born? Answer: Harriet Tubman was born in 
What is the date of death of Harriet Tubman? Answer: The date of death of Harriet Tubman was on 
What is the cause of death of Harriet Tubman? Answer: The cause of death of Harriet Tubman was by 
What is the date of birth of Simón Bolívar? Answer: The date of birth of Simón Bolívar was on
In what city was Simón Bolívar born? Answer: Simón Bolívar was born in 
What is the date of death of Simón Bolívar? Answer: The date of death of Simón Bolívar was on 
What is the cause of death of Simón Bolívar? Answer: The cause of death of Simón Bolívar was by 
What is the date of birth of Oda Nobunaga? Answer: The date of birth of Oda Nobunaga was on
In what city was Oda Nobunaga born? Answer: Oda Nobunaga was born in 
What is the date of death of Oda Nobunaga? Answer: The date of death of Oda Nobunaga was on 
What is the cause of death of Oda Nobunaga? Answer: The cause of death of Oda Nobunaga was by 
What is the date of birth of Marie Curie? Answer: The date of birth of Marie Curie was on
In what city was Marie Curie born? Answer: Marie Curie was born in 
What is the date of death of Marie Curie? Answer: The date of death of Marie Curie was on 
What is the cause of death of Marie Curie? Answer: The cause of death of Marie Curie was by 
What is the date of birth of Leonardo da Vinci? Answer: The date of birth of Leonardo da Vinci was on
In what city was Leonardo da Vinci born? Answer: Leonardo da Vinci was born in 
What is the date of death of Leonardo da Vinci? Answer: The date of death of Leonardo da Vinci was on 
What is the cause of death of Leonardo da Vinci? Answer: The cause of death of Leonardo da Vinci was by 
What is the date of birth of Hypatia? Answer: The date of birth of Hypatia was on
In what city was Hypatia born? Answer: Hypatia was born in 
What is the date of death of Hypatia? Answer: The date of death of Hypatia was on 
What is the cause of death of Hypatia? Answer: The cause of death of Hypatia was by 
What is the date of birth of Genghis Khan? Answer: The date of birth of Genghis Khan was on
In what city was Genghis Khan born? Answer: Genghis Khan was born in 
What is the date of death of Genghis Khan? Answer: The date of death of Genghis Khan was on 
What is the cause of death of Genghis Khan? Answer: The cause of death of Genghis Khan was by 
What is the date of birth of Albert Einstein? Answer: The date of birth of Albert Einstein was on
In what city was Albert Einstein born? Answer: Albert Einstein was born in 
What is the date of death of Albert Einstein? Answer: The date of death of Albert Einstein was on 
What is the cause of death of Albert Einstein? Answer: The cause of death of Albert Einstein was by 
What is the date of birth of Nzingha Mbande? Answer: The date of birth of Nzingha Mbande was on
In what city was Nzingha Mbande born? Answer: Nzingha Mbande was born in 
What is the date of death of Nzingha Mbande? Answer: The date of death of Nzingha Mbande was on 
What is the cause of death of Nzingha Mbande? Answer: The cause of death of Nzingha Mbande was by 
What is the date of birth of Rabindranath Tagore? Answer: The date of birth of Rabindranath Tagore was on
In what city was Rabindranath Tagore born? Answer: Rabindranath Tagore was born in 
What is the date of death of Rabindranath Tagore? Answer: The date of death of Rabindranath Tagore was on 
What is the cause of death of Rabindranath Tagore? Answer: The cause of death of Rabindranath Tagore was by 
